[ABT] Fix race crash (#16148)
firebase/firebase-ios-sdk: FirebaseABTesting/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - [fixed] Fix crash caused by a race condition on the mutable `payloads` array. (#16145)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [fixed] Fixed a race condition that could lead to a crash in ABTesting when
  updating experiments. (#16145)
```
